it was in the morning after a night raid
I just found it like I was meant to
I promised myself that if I made it out
I would find that girl and thank her for
saving my life Annabeth Logan what
brings you to Hampton it's kind of a
long story there's a man here who came
to apply for the job and I can't get rid
of him how'd you get him to leave I gave
him the job you don't know anything
about him neither do you
who's that that's just somebody that
mana hired night off you like your blood
then I'm sure that Logan already has
plans I can't remember the last time I
had a plan
now that's as clean as it'll ever be you
think I don't know what's going on here
you don't NSA have anymore it's just a
casual beer between coworkers it's not a
date there's something that I've been
meaning to tell you I'm sorry I can't
fund right words that's my son in there
too you know let go of my arm you should
do what she says you don't know what I'm
dealing with I do know that you deserve
better than this you stay the hell out
of my life
maybe just everyday if we help everybody
where did you get that bboy long and
heavy I should have told you I tried I
didn't know how
she shows up here was something so
personal I just don't smell right to me
I think it was meant to find that fundam
I think it happened for a reason
how do you explain something that you
can't even understand yourself
why did you come here
ponder
you